a couple chop tomatoes into perfect
cubes even chop a big batch of fries
safely in no time with the amazing
Vidalia chop wizard that lets you job
job chop your prep time in half it seems
like everyone is chopping with the
Vidalia chop wizard and they love it hi
I'm Terri Mason and we're here at the
Market Basket to see what our shoppers
think of the time-saving Vidalia chop
with pretty easy it makes perfect little
pieces the secret is the ultra sharp
stainless steel precision cutting blades
guaranteed to give you uniformed results
every time I like this I will definitely
use this when you're done it even serves
as a measuring cup no tears and no tires
no tears and it's dishwasher safe well
seems the Vidalia top Wizards the one
amazing tool you want to use over and
over and over again here's how to get
yours
order your Vidalia Chuck wizard now for
the special TV price of only 1995 but
wait we'll also include this fine Dicer
blade dices garlic in a flash finely
chopped shallots or diced nuts for
baking and it's yours free the amazing
Fidelia chop wizard with chopper blade
and fine Dicer blade an incredible value
for only 1995 order now I love it it's
the best
you